So live off with the ability to sign up and when you sign up successfully we saw that logged in.
So let's do that again with another user and password and username just to show you that we can log
in again.
And that comes in in our off form on my 19.
Now there's a ton that we had to do just to get this to happen.
And this is where authentication and a single page app really becomes challenging.
So let's work our way back.
We got to just cancel that log because we call this not Propst start on off test in a type which we
sign in or sign up and when we pass in whatever we get from this that's the.
But where did this that process that ON-OFF come from.
Well the parent component on off his mean we passed in a prop called on us with the value of the user.
Where did all the user come from.
It was passed in through a redux from Matt dispatched to prop's what that means is it will actually
dispatch a certain action.
So let's go take a look right here in action slash off.
So let's go to actions off and inside of here we can see that there's a function called off user We're
using a fork but we have to wait for the result of an API call to finish before we just that's something
we don't want to wait for one asynchronous action.
We have to wait for that API call as well which is doing quite a bit.
So this call makes a post to slash AB I-Slash off and then some type and.
And here we get some information local storage.
I mean dispatch the current user function which goes to the redux store and sets the current user with
whatever we got back from that response.
But what about API call that's coming from services slash API I've added a little bit of additional
commentary here to help understand what UPI call is doing.
So here we're just making a generic function to make an X request with some method to some path and
include some data.
So this helps us easily extract the data that we want and we successfully resolve actually gives us
an object called data by default.
Now when something goes wrong we always get back a response data.
And there we get back the error object that we're sending back from the server.
So in order to get this running let's make sure that the client side is running but also the servers
that.
So here we can see that I inserted some information into the database or passwords or hashing the back
end is doing what we wanted to do.
And this is working because we also set up our package just on the ability to proxy localhost EDI 81.
So I'm not a prefix all those routes with localhost 81.
So we've done quite a bit to get authentication to work.
But right now we're not actually doing anything when we log in our user or handling any kind of errors.
So in the next section we're going to go back and clean that up.